oh say for let's assume it's Thursday so
we had two workouts lower upper both
geared strength than an off day now
we're going to higher reps and
hypertrophy you're more vol you were to
do four sets of most these exercises
around 12 to 20 reps and most these
exercises so we're going to start out
with ready done heavy stuff squats
compound movers start off with isolation
leg extension micro then move into more
compound movements and what do you think
about today we all keep a look at the
white water you're the high volume which
will really focus or just a bit bottom
post on the type to most bombers yes
because here's the thing you can do the
same thing day in day out at the gym and
get the same results we just want to do
different things also if you did it
strength with your whole body every
single time you went in that's bound to
hurt something right slow we want some
you want some type of fear of invasion
in your front of pros at nothing's wrong
i'm mixing up my bosses fibers you get
so let's get on we're going to start
with leg extensions mighty extensions
we're warming up with this this is high
five volume higher rep 12 to 20 reps we
read it on a straight game we're going
to throw in some higher reps a little
bit different muscle fibers get a little
bit different tension on the muscle lot
about you four sets not three four sets
of plug to 20 reps will warm it up right
here look at van nice warm squeeze at
the top and trolling on the way down
nice eccentric nice co centric perfect
form holding still with his arms right
there good posture perfect do you want
to do now I might be since you point
your toes up point out or have a neutral
I'll use the bramble at the end of the
day we're not smart enough for all that
stuff okay just extend your legs
controls and bring them down slowly
would you say that there's any
toe-tapping just exchange
extend them up feel the burn burn next
up we got lying leg curls for 6 12 to 20
reps you want more full range of motion
phone up to the bottle this slowly
release
walking for Bell lunches floor sets of
eight reps each right that 16 total reps
becomes coming out right before as he
touches the ground and then exactly you
know it doesn't imagine me passes your
toe but just I think it's a good rule of
thumb to try to not let it feel posture
nice and straight nice and slow nice and
controlled overall great for next up we
have front squats in this lift of thing
what's great about using smith machine
instead of freeborn allow that you bring
your feet a little more forward it's
going to be more quad Center than doing
it with us a free ball washing what
causes all and also use a look at grip
which is more like that that I'm using
one got parallel don't have to go I
surprise but anger parallel give me
light up the wife a bit loose second
ability work get ready to go but at
least perler all right straight leg
deadlifts now watching bed do this he
has a slight bend movies they're not
completely locked out and notice we've
been see more pushing his rear end out
rather than bending at the waist that
will focus on bringing your hamstrings
and I slow and controlled we're going to
do three sets three sets of twelve to
fifteen reps now feel free to do one to
two or is made room for the tapes to get
up to your working wait notice he's nice
and slow not bang it on the ground not
doing anything funny or range of motion
and that's a straight leg deadlift what
they really want folks phone is drop it
in your heels yes I'm come down low to
look away from the back of your foot and
what that's going to do is I explained
earlier is gonna force you to push out
at the but rather than just bending at
the waist next up we got see the camera
don't face that you watch milk is going
down nice and slow these pauses bucket
at the top neither have your toes point
outward slightly or your toes pentium
like that I recommend if you
haven't pointed in or your first right
guy or you second leg I haven't wrote
about so I get though happen I was
fighting it behind boom so we're done
that's your second leg day leg day
hypertrophy higher reps more volume good
stuff about tomorrow how we had the
strength day for the first upper body
day hit upper body again the whole damn
thing and and it's gonna be seen red
Skene we today what do you think van how
does that sound that make you excited to
make a gangster without like turns the
way sounds like games so rest up because
tomorrow we're coming back for hitting
the other half of your body and while
hitting your whole body twice in one
week four days of training that's not a
game